--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@SetObjectFontToSystemFont@TObject@TFontType
Summary:
  This procedure sets the font of an object to the proper font based on the
  object type and the Windows operation system version.
Description:
  Almost each Windows operating system version comes with a different font set
  applicable to various UI objects. The SetObjectFontToSystemFont procedure
  enables support of multiple Windows operating system versions while setting
  font type to the correct "style".
Parameters:
  AObject - The object which font is to be changed.
  FontType - The font type. It is set to ftAuto by default.
See also:
  TFontType
Donator:
  Jean-Fabien Connault
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@@TFontType
Summary:
  Defines which font type will be applied to objects.
Description:
  Here are the possible values for TFontType:

    * ftAuto    - The font type (style) will be selected automatically based on
                  object type (TFont, TMemo, TRichEdit or others).
    * ftCaption - The font type will be forced to "Caption" style. It usually applies
                  to anything different from TMemo and TRichEdit objects.
                  Here are the fonts used:
                    * Segoe UI 9 on Windows Vista/Server 2008
                    * Tahoma 8 on Windows 2000/XP
                    * MS Sans Serif 8 on other Windows versions 
    * ftContent - The font type will be forced to "Content" style. It usually applies
                  to TMemo and TRichEdit objects. 
                  Here are the fonts used:
                    * Calibri UI 9 on Windows Vista/Server 2008
                    * Verdana 8 on Windows 2000/XP
                    * MS Sans Serif 8 on other Windows versions 
See also:
  SetObjectFontToSystemFont
Donator:
  Jean-Fabien Connault